
# IOG Architecture Triage // NOC as a service

This service is defined as the NOC’s response time to requests.


## Overview

Throughout the day, the NOC receives SEV requests it’s the NOC’s responsibility to process each request individually and assist to the fullest extent of their (our) ability. Once a member of the NOC evaluates a SEV, alert, or notification, they must understand the situation and escalate the issue promptly.
## Feature Requests
The NOC primarily uses Tiger as a severity reporting tool. Compared to state-of-the-art tools that high revenue business are utilizing, tiger could be considered antiquated. Tiger is proprietary tool generated by Lexis Nexis employees which have been tailored to the NOC needs. With the usage of mainstream external tools (Jira, Cherwell, OpsGenie, or service now) this will provide the NOC with better reporting functionality.   
## Bugs

Various bugs have been identified in Tiger for more information contact Dave Mainville or Trever Garrett



## Team

- Donna Smith, Director of Systems Engineering
- Judith Barringer-Jenkins, Manager of Systems Engineering
- NOC associates within the dual locations based in Alpha and Boca
## Indicators

•	Availability - The service needs to be available 24x7 including Holidays.

•	Response Time – To respond to requests immediately. 

•	Accuracy - The accuracy of attracting the appropriate support team members should be concise. 

## Objectives

•	Availability - 99.9% availability 24x7 including Holidays.

•	Response Time – 99.9% of non-production impacting tasks completed within 5 minutes of the initial request, 99.9% of production impacting tasks completed within 3 minutes of the initial request. 

•	Accuracy – 95% accuracy of all Severities, outstanding iSIT tickets, and monitoring escalation. 

## Agreements


•	Availability – 99.9% availability 24x7 including Holidays. 

•	Response Time – 99% of non-production impacting tasks completed within 10 minutes of the initial request, 99.9% of production impacting tasks completed within 5 minutes of the initial request.

•	Accuracy - 80% accuracy of all Severities, outstanding iSIT tickets, and monitoring escalation.

## Quick Links

 - [FAQ - NOC](https://confluence.rsi.lexisnexis.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=NW&title=NOC+Self+Service+Page)
 - [LexisNexis Risk Solutions Group](https://risk.lexisnexis.com/)
 - [LexisNexis RBA main repository](https://github.com/LexisNexis-RBA)


## Feedback

If you have any feedback, please reach out to me directly at Nathan.Cartwright@LexisNexisRisk.com
